Correcting sys-req markdown to include RHEL 9.4 as needing containerd. (#1126)
replicatedhq/kurl.sh: src/markdown-pages/install-with-kurl/system-requirements.md

| Rook                             | lvm2 |
| Velero                           | nfs-utils |

> Additionally, the `containerd` package is required for Containerd add-on installations on Amazon Linux 2023, Ubuntu 24.04 and RHEL 9.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the containerd package is required for Containerd add-on installations on Amazon Linux 2023, Ubuntu 24.04, and any RHEL 9 version.
```
